# MedRAGent
This is an automatic literature retrieval and screening system utilizing large language models with retrieval-augmented generation.

# Features
Data loading and processing with python.

Screening report generation based on predefined PICOS, exclusion criteria, retrieval time, suffix rule and connection rule.

Integration with word vector document, PubMed API and LLM API for automated Boolean query construcution and literature screening.

# Prerequisites
Python 3.x

An Entrez API key and Entrez email address with access to PubMed.

A LLM API key.

A Siliconflow API key.

# Installation
Clone the repository

Download mesh_index.faiss, mesh_metadata.pkl, supple_index.faiss and supple_metadata.pkl from https://huggingface.co/datasets/nyczy34/MedRAGent.

Install the required dependencies

# Usage
Define your PICOS, exclusion criteria, retrieval time, suffix rule and connection rule in Boolean query construction and literature screening.py

Set your the above API key and email address in Boolean query construction and literature screening.py

Run the scripts (Boolean query construction and literature screening.py).

# Supplement
The PICOS, exclusion criteria, retrieval time, suffix rule and connection rule in Boolean query construction and literature screening.py is designed to retrieve and screen papers of Ramadan fasting among adolescents with type 1 diabetes study (doi:10.1186/s12902-025-01835-1).

The report (deepseek) is the result generated by Boolean query construction and literature screening.py using DeepSeek-V3-0324, and the report (kimi) is the result generated by Boolean query construction and literature screening.py using Kimi-K2-0711-preview.

Construction of Main Index and Supplementary Index.py is used to generate mesh_index.faiss, mesh_metadata.pkl, supple_index.faiss and supple_metadata.pkl by desc2025 an supp2025. We have completed this stage by using the Pro/BAAI/bge-m3 in the siliconflow platform, you could choose othoer embedded models to complete this stage.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
